# README

This repository is for a semester-long project in the General Microbiology course at the University of San Fracisco during the Spring Semester 2019.

This report will focus on microbes from the Lone Mountain native plant garden and landscaped plots. This report will include culutre-based, microscopy-based, and molecular analyses. This report covers in-depth analyses regarding the various microbes that inhabit the phyllospheres of 7 plant species. Species abundance, richness, structure, identification, and relative relatedness were all investigated and reported. Various techniques such as culturing, statistical analyses, microscopy, PCR amplification, and gel electrophoresis were all employed. The report also uses the following sotware programs and applications to accomplish this work: R and R Studio, FIJI (ImageJ), MEGA7, Xcode, Apple Preview, and NCBI's BLAST. 

The data files in the project folder are highly organized in a systematic order by employing the use of subfolders. The first section includes a folder labeled "Microbiology_Project_2019". In this folder are subfolders labeled: data, output, scripts, and tests. Files such as the README, .Rproj, references, and .docx output are also present in this sections. In the data folder are subfolders labeled: images, metadata, raw_data, and training, trimmed_sequences, and trimmed_sequences_final. The most important subfolders are images, raw_data, trimmed_sequences, and trimmed_sequences_final. The trimmed sequences subfolders contain all of the trimmed sequences created through MEGA7 as well as the phylogenetic worskspaces with accompaning captions. The raw_data subfolder contains raw .ab1 sequences for the first portion of the experiment and csv files containing data about culturing and microscopy. The images subfolder contains all of the original and montaged microscopy images made through FIJI, a phylogeny image for the first portion of the experiment, gel electrophoresis images, a TSA plate montage image. All images are properly labeled to enable easier reading throughout the "Figures and Results" portion of the report. 
